[DataGridPremium] Server-side aggregation with data source (#15741)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/data-grid/server-side-data/aggregation.md

   ```diff
    const dataSource = {
      getRows: async ({
        sortModel,
        filterModel,
        paginationModel,
   +    aggregationModel,
      }) => {
        const rows = await fetchRows();
   -    const response = await fetchData({ sortModel, filterModel, paginationModel });
   +    const response = await fetchData({ sortModel, filterModel, paginationModel, aggregationModel });
        return {
          rows: response.rows,
          rowCount: getRowsResponse.totalCount,
   +      aggregateRow: response.aggregateRow,
        }
      }
    }
   ```

3. Pass the getter method `getAggregatedValue` in `GridDataSource` that defines how to get the aggregated value for a parent row (including the `aggregateRow`).

   ```tsx
   const dataSource = {
     getRows: async ({
      ...
     }) => {
      ...
     },
     getAggregatedValue: (row, field) => {
       return row[`${field}Aggregate`];
     },
   }
   ```

The following example demonstrates a basic server-side aggregation.

{{"demo": "ServerSideDataGridAggregation.js", "bg": "inline"}}

:::info

> The data source mock server (`useMockServer()`) mocks the built-in aggregation functions listed in the [built-in functions](/x/react-data-grid/aggregation/#built-in-functions) section of the client-side aggregation. Provide the function names and minimal configuration to demonstrate the aggregation, as shown in the demo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data source mock server (`useMockServer()`) mocks the built-in aggregation functions listed in the [built-in functions section](/x/react-data-grid/aggregation/#built-in-functions) of the client-side aggregation doc. 
Provide the function names and minimal configuration to demonstrate the aggregation, as shown in the demo.
```

:::

## Usage with lazy loading

> Server-side aggregation working in combination with [server-side lazy loading](/x/react-data-grid/server-side-data/lazy-loading/) is demonstrated in the demo below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Server-side aggregation can be implemented along with [server-side lazy loading](/x/react-data-grid/server-side-data/lazy-loading/) as shown in the demo below.
```

{{"demo": "ServerSideDataGridAggregationLazyLoading.js", "bg": "inline"}}

## Usage with row grouping

> Server-side aggregation works with row grouping in a similar way as described in [Aggregation—usage with row grouping](/x/react-data-grid/aggregation/#usage-with-row-grouping). The aggregated values are acquired from the parent rows using the `getAggregatedValue` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Server-side aggregation works with row grouping in a similar way as described in [Aggregation—usage with row grouping](/x/react-data-grid/aggregation/#usage-with-row-grouping). 
The aggregated values are acquired from the parent rows using the `getAggregatedValue` method.
```

   ```tsx
   const dataSource = {
     getRows: async ({
      ...
     }) => {
      ...
     },
     getAggregatedValue: (row, field) => {
       return row[`${field}Aggregate`];
     },
   }
   ```

The following example demonstrates a basic server-side aggregation.

{{"demo": "ServerSideDataGridAggregation.js", "bg": "inline"}}

:::info
The data source mock server (`useMockServer`) mocks the built-in aggregation functions listed in the [built-in functions](/x/react-data-grid/aggregation/#built-in-functions) section of the client-side aggregation. Provide the function names and minimal configuration to demonstrate the aggregation, as shown in the demo.
:::

## Customize the aggregation rows scope

Even though it depends on the business logic on the server, in general, the aggregation is computed for the filtered rows only, as obvious from the default value of the prop `aggregationRowsScope`.

```ts
/**
 * Rows used to generate the aggregated value.
 * If `filtered`, the aggregated values are generated using only the rows currently passing the filtering process.
 * If `all`, the aggregated values are generated using all the rows.
 * @default "filtered"
 */

> aggregationRowsScope: 'filtered' | 'all';

Author: 👍 Makes sense to me. We could mark this prop `client-side` only since what it essentially does is just pass it as a `getRowParam`.
